[Music]
today I had a realization I had filmed
already let's say 10 videos me talking
in front of the camera and I somehow
felt always nervous about rewatching it
and editing it so I just left them in my
folder in my album in my phone and I
never watched them again and today I
said like I'm stopping with this right
now like this has to change
I'm watching my videos editing them and
posting them and while watching my own
videos seeing myself talking to the
camera I
felt so uncomfortable I felt so weird
and I didn't really know in the
beginning what it
was and I was asking myself am I judging
myself am I judging my out appearance my
looks am I judging my English am I
judging the words that I use
am I judging the lighting that I use
whatever I was asking myself why am I
feeling so uncomfortable watching my own
videos
and I come to the conclusion that first
of all I thought it's probably from
everything a little bit that might is
also true but the main reason why I felt
uncomfortable was definitely because I
was not acting like
myself I cannot explain even
how weird this
is but I was not acting like myself at
all so I saw myself talking to the
camera and I thought who is this person
this is not me physically yeah it's me
but the words that I used the way of
talking that I tried to do it was
definitely not me and yeah I want to be
a YouTuber I want to talk about things
that are in my mind talk about
self-development maybe motivate and
Inspire others to do better or to go
through difficulties in life and just
share my
experiences but I did it in a way that
was not me and that's the point where I
always
say I disagree with the theory of acting
as you were already or acting as you
headed
already these
manifestations because yes act like you
are already but don't act like a
different person so I used to watch a
lot of videos from girls that they are
doing the same that I want to do that
they resonate with me a lot
and I literally copied them and it
sounds so weird to be honest but what I
want to tell you is that I
unconsciously copied these other girls
that I kept watching and that they
inspired me because I want to be where
they are or being in a similar situation
where they are and that's the point I
want to be in a similar
situation of what they reached I aspire
to come there as well but I will never
be in the exact same position as any
other person in this world neither so
will you because I am me you are you she
is her he is him and that's where I'm
just disagreeing with the theory
of fake it till you make it yes again
yes fake it till you make it pretend
like you have already this kind of
energy that other people have which are
already where you want to be but don't
lose yourself in the process you are
still unique you are you and I am me and
I just saw myself in this video and I
was thinking like who's that that's not
like the energy the the way of talking
it was just so cringe even cringe I
don't use cringe I don't know where this
word comes from maybe I picked it up
somewhere but it's
something that I was aware today and
that's why I'm doing this video right
now I want to completely
be transparent I just want to
be as I feel like being in the moment I
just want to be as I would be now your
best friend or any friend of yours and
I'm talking to you that's exactly how I
am and not different I want to be where
other girls are or in a similar position
but in my way and I think it's so
important to not abandon ourselves in
the whole process of getting where we
want to be because again we are unique
we are beautiful we are wonderful and
our own way is the way that is aligning
with our true Essence and as long as we
are abandoning or neglecting our true
Essence it feels exhausting we're
feeling tired I felt exhausting I felt
tired of watching my own video and
that's why I want to start again that's
why I'm just here sharing my experience
experience that I just had with my own
video that I never uploaded and I
probably never will upload because it's
just not me and everything that is not
aligned with our true Essence with who
we really are with who we
are in the daily day who we what we are
aspiring what are our values in our true
Essence feel hard feels exhausting feels
like we are running against the wall and
we are running again against the wall
that's how it feels when things are not
really aligned with who we are and
that's what I felt everything that feels
draining that feels exhausting to us
mentally is definitely
not our true Essence and doesn't align
with who we actually are even if we
think we are but if it's taking energy
and not adding energy it's not for us
it's definitely not for me and it's not
for you if something is trining you and
I'm here talking about
mentally exhaustion mental exhaustion
or um psychological being tired being
exhausted being drained mentally means
when your body is well rested your
physical body is well rested is healthy
and hasn't yet no reason to to be tired
but you just wake up and you feel
already exhausted you don't know really
who you
are the difference is to be physically
exhausted let's say if you're tracking
for example a
mountain and when you reach the top you
just feel exhausted that's a complete
different exhaustion it's purely
physical and it has nothing to do with
your mental
exhaustion and also I want to separate
here
the fact of being uncomfortable yes be
uncomfortable in your life it's going to
help you it's going to learn you it's
going to teach you a lot but to be
uncomfortable is not equal with losing
energy you can be uncomfortable and
through this uncomfort gain energy
because it's just who you truly are and
it's just who or what you are valuing
and what's your essence it aligns with
your essence so you're uncomfortable but
you gain energy if you're uncomfortable
and you lose energy that's where we
don't want to be that's not for us I've
been in both places I've been in a place
where I would wake up in the morning and
I would have zero energy and I would
just ask myself like for what am I here
what is my purpose in this world what is
my passion I don't know who I am
and in that moment of my
life it was really hard to to get
through this and to go through this
storm so everything that is not aligned
with us or our true Essence drains us is
draining it takes away energy instead of
adding to it and I'm not talking here
about about physical energy or working
with your shadows or being uncomfortable
I'm here now just addressing the being
drained mentally like you do something
your body is healthy you're well rested
you're doing something and you just feel
tired immediately you feel drained and
exhausted that's where we are not meant
to be
and it's so good to know this
because with this realization you
actually get to know yourself and you
actually know okay maybe you don't know
who you are yet but you minimum know
this is what I am not it doesn't give me
energy it's not for me and to cover the
part of being uncomfortable yes I want
to be uncomfortable I want to be
uncomfortable in as many aspects in my
life as possible because I know and I've
experienced to be uncomfortable is
actually the best thing you can do as
long as it's an uncomfortable and
gaining energy so you can be
uncomfortable and gain energy in the
same time and you can be uncomfortable
and lose energy in the same time I've
experienced both and I know when I'm
uncomfortable and I'm gaining energy I
know this is aligned with my true
Essence with my values this is how I get
to know myself myself and I'm losing
energy while being in an uncomfortable
situation or doing something that is
uncomfortable that's when I'm neglecting
myself that's when I'm abandon
abandoning my true Essence and that's
where I don't want to be that's where I
want to be to get to know who am I not
but that's not where I want to be all my
life and that's what happened when I saw
this video is like yeah I like to be in
front of the camera I love to talk about
these topics but I thought like
why is it so exhausting for me to look
at this video and um I will try it now
with the next video and I will see if it
feels different but that's my first try
and you are live with me I'm going to
try this out and I'm going to get to
know myself and with this realization to
to know okay if it gives me energy it's
meant for me it's my Essence if it
doesn't it's not for me and it's just
not even meant for my life with this
realization I can go so much further and
I can work with I can get to know myself
I'm sure everyone wants to be in this
situation and I've been in on both sides
I've been on the side of waking up in
the morning and feel exhausted wondering
what am I for in this world what's my
purpose
what do I do and this is so draining
this situation is so draining and it's
important to get through this situation
and also I've been already into a
situation where I would wake up and I'm
full of energy and I think I have found
my passion I have found my purpose but
after just a short time I realized
that's actually not my passion I think
that the intention
behind is not
my passion the intention behind was
material things the money that I get
through it but it was definitely not
aligned with my true Essence it was
definitely not aligned with who am who I
am truly because it just took a way of
energy again
after a couple of months and here I am
now again not knowing who I am what I
want I wake up in the morning and I
don't
know what's my purpose in this world and
what am I supposed to do I know now kind
of okay this is fun for me this does not
feel good for me and from here on I'm
working I'm getting baby steps forward
to get to know myself and to experience
the whole spectrum of possibilities what
can I be what I want to be what feels
right for me what doesn't and if it's
YouTube or if this is again another
construct that I'm building myself or in
my mind I don't know but I want to try
it because it feels good for me to talk
to communicate it feels good for me to
be in front of the camera and be
easygoing and
just be talking I like to talk I like to
talk I like to have fun I like to smile
I like to meet new people and I'm going
to try new things out and I'm getting to
know myself I'm here
to talk about these topics because I
feel like not many girls are actually
sitting in front of the camera and
saying Hey listen
I didn't know who I am and I still don't
know who I am I don't know what's my
purpose I'm going to find it out because
I know there are so many girls out there
so many ladies also guys that they don't
know their purpose and with sharing this
I just hope that maybe you're interested
in listening to it maybe not it's fine
I'm just sharing what I like to share
and I'm just sharing also my journey to
get to know myself to find my passion to
find my purpose I welcome you to come on
this journey with me try out things
and if you're
interested give me a like subscribe
comment if not
don't thanks for watching I love you so
much already without even knowing you
and I will see you maybe in the next
video